I'm Brent Smith here at rock bottom gym
and I'm not sure your product that will
make the dumbbell the rotating have a
push-up and a kettlebell obsolete
every so often a product comes along
permanently jumps the fitness industry
forward rock bottom jumps high balls are
that next product the high balls are
basically a hollowed-out cannonball with
a handle in the middle of it now there
are two reasons why this has completely
changed the fitness industry the first
is unilateral upper body proprioception
which basically means that these provide
instability for the user because of
their rounded service and the second is
even weight distribution which means
that the weight of the ball is
distributed evenly around the user's
hand real quickly I'll tell you why this
makes them better than these iconic
pieces of equipment that you'll find the
most functional training gyms today
first of all the dumbbells flaw is that
they disproportionately distribute the
weight on either end of your hand which
puts a new torque and stress on your
joints particularly when the weights get
heavier the high balls fix this problem
by evenly distributing the weight around
your hand so that your muscles are going
to work more effectively and safely next
the rotating hand will push up is great
because it allows a free natural range
of motion for the shoulder and
connective tissue and one of the most
beautiful things about the high balls is
that they allow this free range of
motion as well but you also have the
instability of the rounded surface which
immediately engages your entire core and
more muscle fiber to the chest and
shoulders and to top it all off at the
top of the movement with the high balls
you can perform a row which causes your
core work overtime as well as engaging
all the major muscles in your back
and finally since the kettlebells handle
is above the primary wait it acts like a
pendulum when it swings and this can be
a tricky thing for most users to perform
a basic exercises of course with the
highball this isn't a problem because
the handle is right the middle of the
primary wave which is distributed
perfectly around your hand these high
balls completely change the game
you work out like that you got to get a
pair
you